samples/README.md, before:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Cloud Logging: Node.js Samples](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging)

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]][shell_link]

[Google Cloud Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs) allows you to store, search, analyze,
monitor, and alert on log data and events from Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services.

If you require lightweight dependencies, an experimental, minified version of
this library is available at [@google-cloud/logging-min](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@google-cloud/logging-min).
Note: `logging-min` is experimental, and its feature surface is subject to
change.

## Table of Contents

* [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
* [Samples](#samples)
  * [Fluent](#fluent)
  * [Log HTTP Request](#log-http-request)
  * [Logs](#logs)
  * [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Sinks](#sinks)

## Before you begin

Before running the samples, make sure you've followed the steps outlined in
[Using the client library](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging#using-the-client-library).

`cd samples`

`npm install`

`cd ..`

## Samples



### Fluent

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/fluent.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/fluent.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/fluent.js`


-----




### Log HTTP Request

Log a message with httpRequest metadata.

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/http-request.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/http-request.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node http-request my-project-id`


-----




### Logs

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/logs.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/logs.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/logs.js`


-----




### Quickstart

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/quickstart.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/quickstart.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/quickstart.js`


-----




### Sinks

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/sinks.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/sinks.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/sinks.js`






[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[shell_link]: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/README.md
[product-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs

Commit message:

fix: Add installation step for @google-cloud/logging-min NPM package in README (#1239)
* fix: Add installation step for @google-cloud/logging-min NPM package in README

The NPM page for `@google-cloud/logging-min` is the same as `@google-cloud/logging`. This can cause some confusion on what the difference are and how to install the correct package: `npm install @google-cloud/logging` vs `npm install @google-cloud/logging-min`.
Fixes #[1126](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/issues/1126).

* 🦉 Updates from OwlBot post-processor

See https://github.com/googleapis/repo-automation-bots/blob/main/packages/owl-bot/README.md

* Update .readme-partials.yml

Add @google-cloud/logging-min installation instructions

* 🦉 Updates from OwlBot post-processor

See https://github.com/googleapis/repo-automation-bots/blob/main/packages/owl-bot/README.md

Co-authored-by: Owl Bot <gcf-owl-bot[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

samples/README.md, after:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Cloud Logging: Node.js Samples](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging)

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]][shell_link]

[Google Cloud Logging](https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs) allows you to store, search, analyze,
monitor, and alert on log data and events from Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services.

If you require lightweight dependencies, an experimental, minified version of
this library is available at [@google-cloud/logging-min](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@google-cloud/logging-min).
Note: `logging-min` is experimental, and its feature surface is subject to change. 
To install `@google-cloud/logging-min` library run the following command:

```bash
npm install @google-cloud/logging-min
```

## Table of Contents

* [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
* [Samples](#samples)
  * [Fluent](#fluent)
  * [Log HTTP Request](#log-http-request)
  * [Logs](#logs)
  * [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Sinks](#sinks)

## Before you begin

Before running the samples, make sure you've followed the steps outlined in
[Using the client library](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging#using-the-client-library).

`cd samples`

`npm install`

`cd ..`

## Samples



### Fluent

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/fluent.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/fluent.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/fluent.js`


-----




### Log HTTP Request

Log a message with httpRequest metadata.

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/http-request.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/http-request.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node http-request my-project-id`


-----




### Logs

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/logs.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/logs.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/logs.js`


-----




### Quickstart

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/quickstart.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/quickstart.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/quickstart.js`


-----




### Sinks

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging/blob/main/samples/sinks.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/sinks.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/sinks.js`






[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[shell_link]: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-logging&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/README.md
[product-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs
